hi friends today we are going to learn how to make
a recycling zipper container
plastic bottles the materials are
two 2 liter plastic bottles
silicone or hot silicone gun
zipper and scissors
The first thing we are going to do is cut
the two bottles at the same height
in this case it has to be straight no
have to have
sides round but straight to be able
stick the zipper
so let's go
with the limit of the bottle and remains
retro
well they are already the two containers have
that be equal
we dry well with a cloth
canister liquid
and a very important note and the silicone
hot do not put it directly on the
plastic because you can wrinkle with the
heat we will do it directly in the
zipper
so I'm going to do it that way for
work better
we put silicone and we arrived
silicone
and we beat unhurriedly
we press with our fingers so that
adhere well
a few seconds we let go and we're going to stick it
at the same height
but let's get closer we open the
zipper because we will cut the limit
let's cut here
and now with the scissors
and we close
and we cut
the extreme
excess
We are going to stick a silicon droplet
here at the end to join the two pieces
we push
to work better let's open the
zipper
i
that way we'll work better
and economic
that serves us for many things to
wear
the lunch
and tightly closed so it does not bother us
Well, we already have our packaging
wood
recycling two bottles if you liked
this tutorial you already know subscribe to
our video channel until next time